hey guys zanjeer today I'm going to be
doing a review on two products that I
recently received from it cosmetics they
contacted me and I was researching their
line and it looks kind of interesting so
I said yes let's see what kind of stuff
you got to offer so this any two of
their products the first is called bye
bye pores which is a poor lyst finish HD
micro powder pull it this way and then
they also sent bye bye under eye which
is a concealer that has collagen and
vitamin C and K packaging is very sleek
and they when it came in the mail it was
so beautifully wrapped and just packaged
it was like silver tissue paper and a
little gift bag really really nice
packaging so I'm going to go and head
and start with the powder first and i
will also be doing a demo of both the
powder and the concealer towards the end
of this video proof is in the pudding in
my opinion and reviews you can say what
you want but when you see a demo you can
see the product working in action so
let's go ahead and get started on the
bye bye pores powder along with the
products it cosmetics actually sent a
little leaflet I'm just going to read
some of the highlights from it this was
developed to leading plastic surgeons in
Brazil and it offers a translucent
finish infused with real silk for a
poreless airbrushed look which I do
agree with it does give your face a very
very kind of flawless kind of finish it
is also formulated with high
concentrations of vitamins a c e and k
which are proven to reduce discoloration
while warding off free radicals rather
day I'm not a scientist I don't know
about the discoloration or the free
radicals because it's not something that
I can test and they also say that the
hydrolyzed collagen works to smooth out
fine lines and wrinkles I'm not going to
go there and say that it does but it
does kind of blur out when you put it on
your skin it does blur out the fine
lines because of the silk
that's in it so look at around particles
but will kind of float on your skin as
opposed to talc which this product is to
help free it's paraben free its
fragrance free oil free and
hypoallergenic so that's pretty cool I'm
going to show it to you it comes with a
cute little powderpuff says it cosmetics
and you get four point two five grams of
it to believe package looks like this
open it up and it's a creamy kind of
yellow color supposed to work on all
skin tones and shades and be just
translucent you can wear it over your
foundation or just on your bare skin
either way so what are my feelings on
this I really like this powder it's my
favorite even over like the Make Up For
Ever HD powder and the laura mercier
have these two Laura Mercier universal
we'll have a little sample of that one
and then I HD powder this one just seems
to give a better finish and I like it
better so it's pretty cool moving right
along we're going to talk about bye bye
under eye which is a full coverage
waterproof concealer and it also
contains collagen and vitamin C and K so
we're going to work again from the
little leaflet so I don't forget
anything and it is a highly pigmented
anti-aging concealer utilizing truly
innovative technologies and ingredients
given women the power to finally say
bye-bye to those to burden under eye
issues women and men it should change
that anyway it's a moisturizing formula
that stays put no matter what it
contains high concentrations of vitamin
K a C and E as well as hydrolyzed
collagen that's the same thing was in
the powder it's clinically proven to
reduce under-eye puffiness and
discoloration while strengthening the
delicate skin of the under eye area I
think this is a pretty good concealer i
have it on underneath both of my eyes
it's pretty opaque and moisturizing and
it doesn't cake or flake off throughout
the day which i am all about that so
yeah I would say it's pretty good
concealer I don't like it quite as much
as I like the powder but you know it's
worth a shot for those of you have like
really dark under eye circles and now
i'm going to do a demo
for you using both of these products and
conjunction so let's go ahead and start
doing that role that beautiful concealer
footage alright guys the best review is
to see the product in action and as you
can tell I don't have any concealer on I
do have foundational but I've just
skipped under the eyes and left that
area blank you can see I definitely have
you know a little bit of redness I have
allergies and today was a pretty pretty
bad day so let's see if this stuff can
live up to its expectations I'll have a
little bit little doubt of it on my hand
right here and it says to dab it on with
your finger underneath your eye so we're
going to do that as you can see that's
pretty opaque so I might have a little
bit too much have a little bit of that
off we're just going to put it on this I
and see if we can tell the difference so
I'm just dabbing that on
and there we have this side next to the
side so that looks like pretty good
coverage to me now i'm going to place
the powder on top of it and see how that
goes and that's how they recommend to
use the product so when to grab the bye
bye pores powder and a fluffy brush
swirl it on cap off any extra in the cap
and gently buff that over the concealer
looks pretty nice now i'm going to apply
the powder just to this side of the face
to see if there's any difference I don't
have any powder on whatsoever so I'm
just going to keep it on this side so
you guys can see how it works I'm just
using it on a powder brush I think I got
a little too much but I'm going to work
that on too yeah definitely much much
there's a power storm just keep it on
this side of the face
I really really like the powder the
concealer seems to be doing a good job
on these allergy eyes so there's the
demo this is the side without powder and
I remind this little indiscretion right
here you can see on this side my skin
just appears a little smoother I look a
little bit more weight gets covered you
know the allergies and lrg eyes and I
feel like you know it feels really
smooth it looks kind of like an
airbrushed I've finished the proof is
kind of in the pudding in the demo and I
hope you guys enjoyed this video thank
you for watching and I'll see using bye